README.md, before:

# Languagetags: Language tag analysis

The `languagetags` library provides
[BCP47](https://tools.ietf.org/html/bcp47)-compliant language tag
parsing and processing tools. For tag and subtag validation and
canonicalization, and other registry-related processing, it uses the
`languagetags-gen` package in this repository to generate the relevant
functions from a copy of the [IANA subtag
registry](https://www.iana.org/assignments/language-subtag-registry/language-subtag-registry)
in `languagetags-gen/registry/bcp47`.

Since this library will need to update from time to time as the subtag
registry itself updates, the following version-bumping scheme will
apply to breaking changes: if the only breaking change to the package
is to update the automatically-generated functions and types in
response to a registry update, the second major version number will be
increased, and for all other breaking changes the first major version
number will be increased.

Certain stability guarantees also happen to apply to the library and
its behaviour, assuming we or the registry haven't made a mistake (as
has happened in the past, though we'll try to catch registry mistakes
before updating the library). These are derived from the underlying
BCP47 standard:

- the enumerations of registered subtags will never have a constructor
  removed from them; the set of registered subtags of each type will
  only ever expand

- the grandfathered and redundant subtag enumerations will never have
  a constructor added or removed from them

- prefixes may be added to records that already have them, or modified
  in such records, as long as such modifications only expand the set
  of possible prefixes; if a record does not have any prefixes then a
  prefix will never be added to the record

Otherwise the relevant types and functions will change as the registry
updates. See the [registry maintenance
section](https://tools.ietf.org/html/bcp47#section-3.3) of the
standard for the full details.

## Future

The library may be updated in future to add support for other
language-tag-related standards, like ISO 639.

Commit message:

Add subtag and syntax tests, fix a few bugs, add note on registry date
readSubtag now records whether or not it has seen letters or digits

wrapSubtag now checks for length and character data properly

renderRegion now inserts an initial "-" before the region

unsafeSubtagCharToExtension now behaves properly on 'w'

README.md, after:

# Languagetags: Language tag analysis

The `languagetags` library provides
[BCP47](https://tools.ietf.org/html/bcp47)-compliant language tag
parsing and processing tools. For tag and subtag validation and
canonicalization, and other registry-related processing, it uses the
`languagetags-gen` package in this repository to generate the relevant
functions from a copy of the [IANA subtag
registry](https://www.iana.org/assignments/language-subtag-registry/language-subtag-registry)
in `languagetags-gen/registry/bcp47`. The date of the repository that
is used can be found at the top of that file, or in the documentation
for `Text.LanguageTag.BCP47.Registry.bcp47RegistryDate` in the
`languagetags` package here.

Since this library will need to update from time to time as the subtag
registry itself updates, the following version-bumping scheme will
apply to breaking changes: if the only breaking change to the package
is to update the automatically-generated functions and types in
response to a registry update, the second major version number will be
increased, and for all other breaking changes the first major version
number will be increased.

Certain stability guarantees also happen to apply to the library and
its behaviour, assuming we or the registry haven't made a mistake (as
has happened in the past, though we'll try to catch registry mistakes
before updating the library). These are derived from the underlying
BCP47 standard:

- the enumerations of registered subtags will never have a constructor
  removed from them; the set of registered subtags of each type will
  only ever expand

- the grandfathered and redundant subtag enumerations will never have
  a constructor added or removed from them

- prefixes may be added to records that already have them, or modified
  in such records, as long as such modifications only expand the set
  of possible prefixes; if a record does not have any prefixes then a
  prefix will never be added to the record

Otherwise the relevant types and functions will change as the registry
updates. See the [registry maintenance
section](https://tools.ietf.org/html/bcp47#section-3.3) of the
standard for the full details.

## Future

The library may be updated in future to add support for other
language-tag-related standards, like ISO 639.
